Add TypeScript guides (#1960)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/using-typescript/configuration.md

> <!-- FIXME: This is copy-pasta from ember-cli-typescript docs and needs updates -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** 🚧 This section is under construction! 🏗️ The content here may not be fully up to date!

```

4. If you make changes to the paths included in or excluded from the build via your `tsconfig.json` (using the `"include"`, `"exclude"`, or `"files"` keys), you will need to restart the server to take the changes into account: ember-cli-typescript does not currently watch the `tsconfig.json` file. For more details, see [the TypeScript reference materials for `tsconfig.json`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/tsconfig-json.html).

## Enabling Sourcemaps

To enable TypeScript sourcemaps, you'll need to add the corresponding configuration for Babel to your `ember-cli-build.js` file:

```typescript
const app = new EmberApp(defaults, {
  babel: {
    sourceMaps: 'inline',
  },
});
```

(Note that this _will_ noticeably slow down your app rebuilds.)

If you are using [Embroider](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider), you might need to include [devtool](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/devtool/) in your webpack configuration:

```ts
return require('@embroider/compat').compatBuild(app, Webpack, {
  packagerOptions: {
    webpackConfig: {
      devtool: 'source-map'
    }
  }
}
```

> If you're updating from an older version of the addon, you may also need to update your `tsconfig.json`. (Current versions generate the correct config at installation.) Either run `ember generate ember-cli-typescript` or verify you have the same sourcemap settings in your `tscsonfig.json` that appear in [the blueprint](https://github.com/typed-ember/ember-cli-typescript/blob/master/blueprint-files/ember-cli-typescript/files/tsconfig.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're migrating from `ember-cli-typescript`, particularly an older version, to Ember's out-of-the-box TypeScript support, you may also need to update your `tsconfig.json`. Current versions of `ember-cli-typescript` generate the correct config at installation. You do *not* need to install `ember-cli-typescript` for new apps or adding.
```
